Rowdata converter (#403)
flink-extended/flink-scala-api: README.md

This project uses a separate set of serializers for collections, instead of Flink's own TraversableSerializer. So probably you
may have issues while migrating state snapshots from TraversableSerializer to this project serializers.

> ## Converting `RowData` to case classes

Author: this is how it is gonna be used.

**Scala 3 only.** `RowData` is Flink's internal row format: it is what table connectors and formats hand you, and unlike
`Row` it has no generic `getField` — only typed accessors such as `getInt`, `getLong` and `getString`. Writing those
calls by hand is tedious and easy to get wrong. `RowDataConverter` derives them at compile time:

```scala
import org.apache.flinkx.api.rowdata.*

case class User(id: String, name: String, age: Int) derives RowDataConverter

val user: User    = row.toScala[User]
val back: RowData = user.toRowData
```

Fields map **by position**: column `i` of the `RowData` corresponds to the `i`-th field in declaration order. Nothing
checks this against the table schema, so a case class whose fields are declared in a different order than the table's

> columns will read garbage rather than fail. Keep the case class and the schema side by side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fields are mapped **by position**: column `i` of the `RowData` corresponds to the `i`-th field in declaration order. Nothing
checks this against the table schema, so a case class whose fields are declared in a different order than the table's
columns will read garbage rather than fail. You must keep the case class and the schema in sync.
```
More directive explanations help me to understand them quickly.

```

### Customising a single field

`FieldConverter` instances are resolved **by field type**. To give one field special treatment, give it a type of its
own — an `opaque type` costs nothing at runtime — and provide a `given` for that type:

```scala
object Time:
  opaque type EpochSeconds = Long

  object EpochSeconds:
    def apply(seconds: Long): EpochSeconds = seconds

    given FieldConverter[EpochSeconds] with
      def fromRowData(row: RowData, index: Int): EpochSeconds = row.getLong(index) / 1000
      def toRowData(value: EpochSeconds): AnyRef              = java.lang.Long.valueOf(value * 1000)

import Time.EpochSeconds

// only `ts` uses the custom converter; `userId` uses the built-in String one
case class Event(userId: String, ts: EpochSeconds) derives RowDataConverter
```

The alternative — a bare `given FieldConverter[Long]` — would silently apply to *every* `Long` field in scope, which is
rarely what you want.

Two gotchas worth knowing:

- **Declare the `opaque type` outside the scope that declares the case class.** Within its own defining scope an
  `opaque type` is transparent, so a derivation there sees the underlying type (plain `Long` above) and quietly picks

>   the built-in converter instead of yours. Its own object or its own file is enough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **You must declare the `opaque type` outside the scope that declares the case class.** Within its own defining scope an
  `opaque type` is transparent, so a derivation there sees the underlying type (plain `Long` above) and quietly picks
  the built-in converter instead of yours. Putting the opaque type in its own object or file is enough.
```
Same here: at the first read, I wasn't sure what is your recommandation.
